Khandelwal, Udit 2022 Manager Reflection
Director Experience Design Department: 3360 User Experience Design US
Manager: Amanda Mander Location: Watertown MA
Evaluated by: Amanda Mander 01/01/2022 - 12/31/2022
Overall Rating
Manager
Rating: Meets Expectations
Acknowledgment
Manager
Entered by : Amanda Mander Date: 03/07/2023
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by : Udit Khandelwal Date: 03/07/2023
Status: Acknowledged
Comment: Thank you!
Manager Reflection
1. What was the greatest achievement this athenista made to their work this year and how did it lead to
meeting business goals and objectives?
Manager
The CFC has been a great initiative and a great example of moving the needle away from UX to Team. It has been a long
road to get here but you have managed that road well through your collaboration skills. In 2023, I feel we are at the point to
reap even more benefits from this program. I also want to commend you on always trying to learn. Your enthusiasm for
taking courses and participating in leadership programs at athena is greatly appreciated as it exposes you to skills and
techniques outside of your regular management structure.
2. What goals/deliverables needed improvement or did not meet expectations?
Manager
I think the MEs will be easier to track and accomplish this year by making it a shared product and UX goal and by the fact
that we are starting the year off with correct numbers to aspire to. Another area that I feel we could work on is the CFC
results. CFC seems to drop off zone leaders’ radar and I think we need to be more communicative about its impact and
provide more visibility into what changes the teams have made. For example, in Michael’s all-hands we could have a
rotation of different teams presenting on the changes they have made and the impact. I believe this will motivate teams
that are lagging to step up to the bar.

-- 1 of 2 --

3. In what way(s) has this athenista developed and grown over the course of the year? Provide specific
example(s).
Manager
One of the areas where you have grown is through the managing of a manager. I feel you have done well in this position
and have provided guidance and especially lots of coaching to Shalom to help him to be a better manager himself. Another
area of growth is in your influencing skills. You have had to use these in 2022 especially in the Interop zone. This is an
important muscle to exercise as a leader and I look forward to continuing to help you with this in 2023.
4. Overall, how would you describe this athenista’s performance this year? What should key area(s) of
focus be next year?
Manager
Udit, you had a great year moving your teams forward and getting CFC to the next level. In 2023 I’d like to see you take on
more of a leadership role across the subdivision including driving more product vision work and a focus on delivering end
to end experiences. UX integration into this subdivision moves forward every year and with these two goals of Michael, we
have a great opportunity to make a big difference!

-- 2 of 2 --
