Khandelwal, Udit 2021 Manager Reflection
Director Experience Design Department: 3360 User Experience Design US
Manager: Amanda Mander Location: Watertown MA
Evaluated by: Amanda Mander 01/01/2021 - 12/31/2021
Overall Rating
Manager
Rating: High Meets
Acknowledgment
Manager
Entered by : Amanda Mander Date: 02/28/2022
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by : Udit Khandelwal Date: 02/28/2022
Status: Acknowledged
Comment: Thank you so much for all the support and a detailed review.
Manager Reflection
1. What was the greatest achievement this athenista made to their work this year and how did it lead to
meeting business goals and objectives?
Manager
The CFC survey has been a big project for you this year. You have faced and overcome many obstacles in its realization:
disappointment that the original ask was not met with leadership support, figuring out how to garner this support when
leadership had a hard time understanding the purpose, technical issues with the survey itself, many iterations on the
survey questions to get the right level of feedback. Through it all, you showed perseverance and fortitude and embraced
feedback from cross functional disciplines which enabled you to successfully launch and receive 100% responses for your
initial survey. This survey will have tremendous business impact by highlighting areas of efficiency and better product
delivery. I also think this project has given you the opportunity to flex your new director muscles by working so diligently
across platform and providing the subdivision with a new understanding of how we do the work we do. I look forward to
more attention on this survey as we move further into 2021.
2. What goals/deliverables needed improvement or did not meet expectations?
Manager
Although the quality dashboard started out as a great way of tracking team activities, it suffered some neglect over the
year. In part this is because designers are not entering as much information as they should but it is also because feedback

-- 1 of 2 --

given hasn’t been incorporated and it has not been “marketed” enough to encourage consistent use. I’d like to see a push
to regain ground with the fantastic tool you created. The quality dashboard and the CFC are both examples of far-reaching
impact potential not only for platform but across R&D. Another area that I would like to see is the one that you mentioned –
being more imbedded with leadership in your zones. Resourcing is only one small aspect of this. Mostly, what I’d like to
see is influence on the OKRs, goal setting and share outs of zone productivity. It is important to establish UX as an equal
partner and with this, have an equal spotlight on activities UX is doing for the zone.
3. In what way(s) has this athenista developed and grown over the course of the year? Provide specific
example(s).
Manager
Udit, I have seen you grow a lot in your strategic mindset this year. You have displayed this through your tremendous work
on the CFC and through the impact of your coursework. You are a thoughtful leader and received great positive feedback
from your team as well as the cross disciplinary teams you work with. They have all recognized your ability to think
strategically and then chart a course to tactically drive things forward. Your work with Leo on the Roles and
Responsibilities matrix is another example of strategic thinking and execution in addition to cross-subdivision collaboration.
4. Overall, how would you describe this athenista’s performance this year? What should key area(s) of
focus be next year?
Manager
Udit, you have had a very productive and successful year full of challenges and highlights. You have stepped up to the
plate of your new role and embraced it. In 2022, I look forward to putting the CFC survey results into action, getting the
most out of our quality dashboard and seeing/hearing product talk more about UX as a reflection of your continued
excellent leadership of those zones.

-- 2 of 2 --
