Khandelwal, Udit 2024 PRR: Manager
Director Experience Design Organization: Sam Lambson (inactive)
Manager: Amanda Mander (Terminated) Location: Boston MA
Evaluated By: Amanda Mander (Terminated) 01/01/2024 - 12/31/2024
Acknowledgement
Manager
Entered by: Amanda Mander (Terminated) Date: 03/04/2025
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by: Udit Khandelwal Date: 03/04/2025
Status: Acknowledged
Comment: Thank you for your continued support!
Manager Reflection
How did this athenista contribute to their goals, and what impact did this have on the broader team and
organization this year? What should they focus on in the coming year?
Manager Reflection
Response: You have had a stand-out year with engagement in many important areas which you have highlighted.
The mentorship you have given to your team members has resulted in an increase in design maturity and
design quality which has enabled the overall product work to be impactful and measurable. Spending time
with your product peers on vision has enabled UX to have a larger seat at the table in order to inform
roadmaps and help the company move beyond short term goals and provide insight for future endeavors.
This is a really important part of increasing UX value for the team: to not only be design partners but also
strategic partners for the future.
You have also shown a lot of good leadership this year: pushing the 360x work, fostering collaboration with
multiple organizations, and setting the stage for successful alignments in many areas.
One area where I see there could have been an improved response was working through the difficulties
with QDX and Reporting 2.0. It was a tough situation but feel that there should have been action and/or
escalation more quickly to try and mitigate the problems the team was facing. It's an opportunity to reflect
on how we can better address conflicts of this type in the future.
In 2025, I’d like to see you augment your leadership skills you have used to foster collaboration and
alignment to include helping product and engineering research and set up business cases for development
efforts into our future. This includes AI work but also continued visioning work across the zones.
Thank you for a great year and I’m looking forward to what we can accomplish together in 2025!

-- 1 of 1 --
