Khandelwal, Udit 2019 Manager Reflection
Director Experience Design Department: 3360 User Experience Design US
Manager: Amanda Mander Location: Watertown MA
Evaluated by: Gabi de Oliveira Castro 01/01/2019 - 12/31/2019
Overall Rating
Manager
Rating: Exceeds Expectations
Acknowledgment
Manager
Entered by : Gabi de Oliveira Castro Date: 01/24/2020
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by : Udit Khandelwal Date: 01/24/2020
Status: Acknowledged
Comment: Looking forward to succeeding in leading Platform UX in 2020.
Manager Reflection
1. Looking back on the year, how did this athenista’s work most contribute to business results?
Manager
Udit relocated from Bangalore to the Boston this year, even with this lifechanging move he never missed a beat delivering
uninterrupted value to athena. In his position as a UX designer on the platform team, Udit has been instrumental in helping
build a vision and road map for the entire partner ecosystem. His willingness to step in when needed, also resulted in the
release of an improved and adopted athena Device Manger. While doing this work, Udit also supported the Forge team by
developing a new collaboration and contribution model for working with CaaS.
When Udit first onboarded, he was asked to help build an athena-branded consumer facing portal from scratch. Using his
previous experience working with ah.com and App Foundry, Udit was able bring the CaaS team onboard. This brought
new skills on to the team that allowed the team to build marketing pages more efficiently. Also, during this time, he saw an
opportunity to leverage Forge and helped the teams to develop a working relationship that was mutually beneficial.
Through this work Udit was able to help the team build a roadmap that outlines the next two years of work.
“Udit has been instrumental in influencing the EBA CaaS team toward using the Forge design system and aligning the
various teams involved recognizing that the technical choices made here will have long term impacts on our ability to "be
the best developer portal in healthcare.”
In Fall 2019, The ADM team reached out to Udit with a very last-minute request for his design expertise to reimagine the
Device Management page. The goal was to improve the UI prior to launch. During the Beta clients had found it difficult to
download, install and troubleshoot (when needed) the new application, so with a short timeline a new user experience had
to be imagined. As a result of Udit’s efforts, ADM 3.0 has been a tremendous success, earning high marks from customers

-- 1 of 3 --

in the 19.11 release with a 4/5 satisfaction rating - a 25% increase over earlier versions of ADM. Moreover, there has been
a more rapid adoption than expected, with 50K ADM users and 22% of device usage already on ADM 3.0 a month after
GA launch.
“Udit had an ability to rapidly to evaluate and understand a new product area, assess user needs and identify critical pain
points/opportunities – especially impressive given that ADM is not at all an intuitive or typical athenaNet product. Udit was
an incredible partner throughout this work and I cannot thank him enough for his contributions!”
2. When does this athenista do their best work? What would you say are their unique skills and
strengths?
Manager
Udit is a natural collaborator and helps teams to plan and align on work. As mentioned above, he took disparate teams,
Dev Portal, CaaS, and Forge, and successfully helped them to work together to achieve results that benefit everyone. He
has also partnered with DesignOps to help the team get up to speed to better understand the portal and the user needs to
propel their work forward. Since Platform has a limited number of designers, Udit is often asked by teams to help, though
he can’t always get as involved as he would like, he sets the right expectations and always adds value in impactful areas.
Udit is ex expert at his craft. He is an excellent interaction designer. His previous development experience allows him to
quickly experiment with concepts and translate feedback into product improvements. Once Udit has a clear understanding
of what teams are trying to do, he is able to recommend solutions that fit within the timelines they are working under and
solve for the most important problem areas.
“His instincts are right on and he is flexible, proficient and efficient in turning designs around quickly to reflect feedback
and keep projects moving. I believe his design anchoring headings for longer sections of the page will be a "show stopper"
when we demo this new site at HIMSS in March.”
“I have worked closely with Udit on Developer-Portal project. During the design iterations in the last couple of months, I
have seen Udit going great lengths in simplifying the user-interactions problems given to him. He is very meticulous in his
thinking and executions. I have seen him in action in developer-portal documentation sections, which is considered to be
one of the complex and crucial items. He has worked with us to simplify the information architecture which is currently
presented in a very cumbersome/complicated way to our partners.”
Another quality Udit exhibits consistently is sound judgment. When Udit found out another team was designing using a
technology that wasn’t up to standards he was quick to speak with the team and set appropriate expectations for the
resulting designs. In addition to setting new expectations, Udit brought teams together and helped them to define the work
that needed to be done and figure out how they would achieve the higher standards he had set. Udit has a clear
understanding of the impact decisions have on maintainability and usability of the system and that understanding leads to
higher decision quality.
“As mentioned above, the EBA CaaS team was originally designing using a technology that would give us poor results and
limit us in the long term. The minute Udit found out about this misalignment, he clearly communicated to the team that he
would not approve those designs and he rallied the troops to bring the various parties together to explain the value of
athena's design system and educate all parties on our business goals and the importance of this standard toward long
term maintainability and usability of our system.”
3. Which value does this athenista embody most naturally? Which values should they continue to work
to develop?
Manager
Based on Udit’s success working across teams, it is evident that he embodies “Value Everyone”. Throughout the year, Udit
has spent a large portion of his time working with different people with different skillsets, Udit is able to instill trust in all of
them. His collaborators see he is committed to seeing through the success of projects and value the connections, to others
with valuable skills, he makes to improve the results.
In 2020 Udit should continue to work on “Being a Team Player”. Though he has developed strong relationships with his
product and engineering counterparts, Udit has an opportunity to work more closely with Ben, his UX counterpart in

-- 2 of 3 --

platform. Design is a newer capability for Platform and currently designers work in zone silos. In the coming year, Udit and
Ben can work more closely to help better define design roles, working models for design, resource allocation and increase
design quality across the zone.On a more tactical note,
“Udit can also ensure that he stores his materials centrally so
others can review them when he's not around and ensure they get into Jira as that is the official "source of truth" for all dev
teams.”
4. Based on your expectations for the role of this athenista, how would you describe their performance
for 2019? Why?
Manager
Based on Udit’s work and feedback from his stakeholders, Udit has exceeded expectations.
“He is a grinder and gets
things done!” Since his arrival to the Boston office, Udit has proven he is a valuable partner. His ability to collaborate, set
expectations, and balance tradeoffs have made him an indispensable contributor to the platform team. As his new
manager, I value Udit’s insights into the worlds of platform and design and his disposition to doing things in the best
possible manner. I look forward to continuing to work with him in 2020.
“Udit has been an exceptional partner throughout our work on the new dev portal. He appropriately balances design
principles and business workflows. He is clear in his presentation, able to pivot as circumstances change, open to
feedback, collaborative in his approach, thoughtful and considerate with his colleagues, empathetic and positive. Honestly,
I have been very impressed with Udit since I started working with him closely in the second half of 2019. I would rate him
as one of the strongest UXers I've worked with in my career.”
5. What is one thing this athenista could do differently to expand the impact of their work and increase
the value they contribute to athena going forward?
Manager
In 2020, now that Udit has settled into his new surroundings so well, he can begin to better home in on his voice as a
leader. Today, Udit is a valuable partner for others and works hard to do everything that is asked of him and his direct
reports. Sometimes this can cause an unmanageable amount of work for himself and his people, these times represent
opportunities for Udit to speak up and take a stronger stance on how work should be prioritized and managed. This year
Udit enrolled in an MIT business course, I expect this course will help him build his self-assurance and enable him to
confidently participate in higher level discussions and have his voice heard.
“I feel Udit sometimes hesitate to raise his voice strong. I believe he can stand for his team but when there is situation
where you need to take strong stand, he hesitates by considering impact. He always supports, always guides us even
when he gets genuinely worried for us, but I feel he can improve in this area where you take risk and stand for the team.
Rest, he is one of the role models for me.”
“Udit needs to see the leader in himself and stand beside other colleagues as an equal. He could be a great UX influencer
if he networked more.”

-- 3 of 3 --
