Khandelwal, Udit 2020 Manager Reflection
Director Experience Design Department: 3360 User Experience Design US
Manager: Amanda Mander Location: Watertown MA
Evaluated by: Amanda Mander 01/01/2020 - 12/31/2020
Overall Rating
Manager
Rating: Exceeds Expectations
Acknowledgment
Manager
Entered by : Amanda Mander Date: 02/01/2021
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by : Udit Khandelwal Date: 02/01/2021
Status: Acknowledged
Comment: I am very happy with the review. Thank you so much for the unconditional support and all the guidance
along the way. Your leadership has been instrumental in shaping a successful year. Looking forward to
having another one in 2021.
Manager Reflection
1. What was the greatest achievement this athenista made to their work this year and how did it lead to
meeting business goals and objectives?
Manager
Udit you have had a very productive year not only in completing UX for key business deliverables but also in empowering
these teams to understand the value of UX in meeting business goals. You have received much positive feedback on how
you have helped teams be even more productive, efficient and create better solutions based on your guidance. You have
also empowered your team to do the same in their projects and this is how UX value spreads in an organization. In 2021
I'd like to see you to continue to build the UX muscle not only within your zones but also by working with Cynthia and I to
raise the bar on UX maturity across the Platform zones. You have already started doing this with your Design Quality Tool
which has had a big impact on measuring and tracking our outcomes.
2. What are this athenista’s greatest strengths based on their performance this year and when did they
have opportunities to demonstrate them?
Manager
Bridging design and technology is very much a key strength of yours and I would add that your ability to jump in, take

-- 1 of 2 --

charge and do what is needed is another strength. I have appreciated your "can do" attitude despite obstacles in your way
and your ability to listen and distill the essence of an issue very quickly. Your partnership during my time in Platform this
year has been super helpful and I highly value your judgement and insights. You have a large positive impact not only in
your zones but across Platform and even more recently across the UX org with your work on the UX Roles and
Responsibilities Framework and in presenting to the UX org. In 2021 I'd like to see you continue to build your "brand"
across the UX team by presenting more and getting involved in more cross-subdivision efforts.
3. In what way(s) has this athenista developed and grown over the course of the year? Provide specific
example(s).
Manager
In my opinion, one of the qualities of a good leader is to constantly learn new things to meet the inevitable new challenges
that one needs to face. You are exemplarary at finding new opportunities to test new skills and in seeking out new
learnings. The other UX EDs have commented to me about how influential your talk was on Systems Thinking. You
presented a complex topic in a very understandable way and enabled your audience to take some of your learnings and
implement them immediately in their own work. I noticed in one of your feedback entries that you were asked to continue to
share your insights and learnings with others and I am wholeheartedly behind that. You have a lot to offer not only the UX
world but the product development world as well. Seeking out opportunities to share can extend beyond the UX org and
even athenahealth. I'd suggest that in 2021 you find some opportunities to speak at a local UX organization or even to
present at a conference. This would be a valuable next step for your career growth.
4. What has this athenista done this year to embody our company values? Provide specific example(s).
Manager
You definitely are strong in being a Team Player. I have seen this not only through the examples you have stated but also
through your encouragement of other designers in other zones and through the partnerships you have created outside of
Platform with the other UX areas. For example, you approached Leo and Ari about an idea for a tool to use for the UX
Roles and Responsibilities framework and ended up partnering with them on an expanded version of the tool you
proposed. It is the sign of a true team player that you were not discouraged by their feedback but rather took their feedback
and partnered with them to make it better. All of the feedback I read about how you work with others indicates a deep
respect for other view points and a maturity in handling viewpoints that might not be in alignment with yours. I would
highlight two other company values that you have excelled in this year: Making a Difference and Strive for Excellence. You
have made a big difference in our product solutions for the Dev Portal and for ADM which have led to excellent product
design and customer satisfaction. You have shown a striving for excellence in your work to increase the maturity of your
zones in the area of UX which also leads to better products and more customer satisfaction.
5. How would you describe this athenista’s performance this year? What should key area(s) of focus be
next year?
Manager
This is an important learning in your management journey and I would encourage you to continue to find opportunities to
mentor and empower your team so that you can focus more on strategy and cross-functional work as you have said. I have
seen you grow also in the ability to juggle and prioritize work across all your responsibilities. For example in taking on the
rollout toggles when we didn't have a UX resource for that work and even though you have many other projects. I would
suggest that while we are looking to fill that role, to work your magic on that team and make your impact there not only
about doing the screens but about increasing the UX maturity in that team. What can you do in a short amount of time to
move that needle? You have had a great year, Udit. Thank you for all your fantastic work and for really leading your zones
into the future!

-- 2 of 2 --
