Khandelwal, Udit 2023 PRR: Manager
Director Experience Design Organization: Sam Lambson (inactive)
Manager: Amanda Mander (Terminated) Location: Boston MA
Evaluated By: Amanda Mander (Terminated) 01/01/2023 - 12/31/2023
Overall Rating
Manager Overall Reflection
Rating: High Meets Expectations
Acknowledgement
Manager
Entered by: Amanda Mander (Terminated) Date: 03/06/2024
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Employee
Entered by: Udit Khandelwal Date: 03/06/2024
Status: Acknowledged
Comment:
Manager Reflection
Relative to peers, how did this athenista contribute value relative to their goals and what should they
focus on in the coming year?
Manager Reflection
Response: Udit, you have excelled in two specific areas in 2023: the vision creation and the UX maturation of
Integration and Foundational zones. Your leadership skills were really tested in both these areas and your
ability to work across disciplines and teams to accomplish both of these things is a testament to your
growth as a leader.
You have also continued to be proactive in seeking out opportunities for example in exploring the use of AI
in user experience. Not only do you seek to better your skills but you also share what you have learned
with others.
The competencies I would highlight for you this year are Acts Courageously and Drives Results. Creating a
vision across the subdivision was a challenging assignment but you were able to first of all present the
initiative in an inclusive and collaborative way and then add value by stitching conversations together.
Finally you were able to work at the VP level with Michael to massage the narrative and to achieve a
successful launch of the first story.
Integrations and Foundational have historically dragged behind in terms of adherence to UX principals and
activities. Your ability to drive change here through building relationship and driving activities to prove UX
value has moved these two zones from being low performers on the UX scale to high performers. This has
been excellent work.
Your strength as a team leader was highlighted not only in your 360 review but also in the GLINT survey

-- 1 of 2 --

which showed UXers in AHI much happier than those in the US. Your team highly values your mentorship,
guidance, and ability to prioritize work.
In 2024 I would like to see you continue to provide UX value in the vision work but also to expand your
influence to outside Platform and across UX. For your career growth it will be important to be seen to have
impacted teams outside of platform and in the larger UX community. I look forward to seeing the results of
your expanded influence!

-- 2 of 2 --
